What is the difference between a regular function and an arrow function?
1. keyword 'arguments' is not available in arrow functions.
2. Arrow functions do not have their own 'this'. The value of 'this' inside an arrow function is always inherited from the enclosing scope.
3. Functions can be hoisted at the top of the scope, but arrow functions are not hoisted.
4. 'new' keyword can be used with regular functions, but not with arrow functions.

What is a React Component?
A React component is a reusable piece of code that describes a part of the user interface. It can be a button, a form, a dialog, a screen, etc.
A component can be a class component or a functional component.

How do you make a React functional component?
A functional component is a simple JavaScript function that returns a React element. It is a pure function that takes props as an argument and returns a React element.

What is the difference between a pure JavaScript function and a functional component?
A pure JavaScript function is a regular function that can be called with arguments and returns a value. It is not specific to React or any other library.
A functional component is a React-specific concept that is used to define a part of the user interface. It is a JavaScript function that returns a React element.

How small is a React component?
A React component can be as small as a single line of code or as large as a complex class with multiple methods and lifecycle hooks. The size of a component depends on its complexity and the functionality it provides.

Can we make a button or input field component?
Yes, we can make a button or input field component in React. These components can be reusable and customizable, allowing us to create consistent user interfaces across our application.

Make a reusable Button component.
Make a reusable InputField component.
Make a reusable alert box component with one div parent element and one p child element of the div(warning alert box, success alert box).

References:
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/difference-between-regular-functions-and-arrow-functions/
